fix: reworking the user-guide sections about IDEs (#2399)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/end-user-guide/pages/selecting-an-ide-by-using-a-url-parameter.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
:navtitle: Selecting an in-browser IDE for a new workspace by using a URL parameter
:description: Selecting an in-browser IDE for a new workspace by using a URL parameter
:keywords: select-IDE
//:page-aliases:

[id="selecting-an-in-browser-ide-for-a-new-workspace-by-using-a-url-parameter_{context}"]
= Selecting an in-browser IDE for a new workspace by using a URL parameter

> You can select your preferred in-browser IDE when starting a new workspace. This is the easiest way and does not affect your other workspaces or other users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can select your preferred in-browser IDE when starting a new workspace. This is the easiest way and it doesn't affect your other workspaces or other users.
```
